src/licensing/setting-up-rlmd-mac.rst, before:

Setting up a new RLM licensing server
-------------------------------------

Installing the RLM licensing server
###################################

Download the `license server for Mac`__. Extract the files from the zip and move them to a folder on your license server machine. The location of the folder is not important but you should remember it for the next steps.

__ http://shop.innobright.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/RLM-12.1-Mac-Licensing-Package.zip
 


Add your Altus license file
###########################

Place the Altus Denoiser license file in same folder that contains the RLM license server files (This is the folder that contains the rlm executable and .set, .opt files).  View the image below for an example of how your rlm files and innobright license file should look.

.. image:: ./licensing/rlmterminal.jpg
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center


Starting the RLM license server
###############################

The license server can be run from the command-line, or can be set up to run automatically on startup.  On Mac Os, you can use a .plist to automatically start the license server.  You can create the ``plist`` file in the ``/Users/username/Library/LaunchAgents/`` folder.

To add a plist file in Mac, first go to ``/Users/username/Library/LauchAgents/``  This is where you'll create the .plist file.  By default, Mac hides the Library folder in your Home so right click on the finder window and select "Show View Options" to make the Library visible. 

.. image:: ./licensing/mac_step_1.png
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center

Next, enter the LaunchAgents folder.  This directory will contain .plists that will run on startup.  This will ensure that the ``ALTUS_LICENSE`` enviroment varaible will be loaded everytime.

.. image:: ./licensing/mac_step_2.png
   :scale: 60 %
   :align: center

Here is an example of the plist file.  This file will execute the rlm executable automatically starting the license server::

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
    <plist version="1.0">
    <dict>
      <key>Label</key>
      <string>com.ALTUS.rlm</string>
      <key>ProgramArguments</key>
      <array>
        <string>/Users/username/PATH/TO/RLM-Folder/rlm</string>
      </array>
      <key>RunAtLoad</key>
      <true/>
    </dict>
    </plist>

You can download the example pfile here:  http://shop.innobright.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/com.Altus_.rlm_-1.zip

Make sure to change the path to the rlm executable `/Users/username/PATH/TO/RLM-Folder/rlm` to the actual path of the unzipped rlm executable. 


.. image:: ./licensing/rlm_daemon.jpg
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center


Once the license server has been setup, you can configure your workstations that will run Altus Denoiser (client computers) to access the license servers to request a license.

Next Steps
##########

Once the license server has been setup, now it's time to connect to it using your workstations (or the computer that will actually run Altus Denoiser).  Visit our help page for more info: :doc:`/licensing/floating-licenses-mac/.

Commit message:

Fix mac links for plist

src/licensing/setting-up-rlmd-mac.rst, after:

Setting up a new RLM licensing server
-------------------------------------

Installing the RLM licensing server
###################################

Download the `license server for Mac`__. Extract the files from the zip and move them to a folder on your license server machine. The location of the folder is not important but you should remember it for the next steps.

__ http://shop.innobright.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/RLM-12.1-Mac-Licensing-Package.zip
 


Add your Altus license file
###########################

Place the Altus Denoiser license file in same folder that contains the RLM license server files (This is the folder that contains the rlm executable and .set, .opt files).  View the image below for an example of how your rlm files and innobright license file should look.

.. image:: ./licensing/rlmterminal.jpg
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center


Starting the RLM license server
###############################

The license server can be run from the command-line, or can be set up to run automatically on startup.  On Mac Os, you can use a .plist to automatically start the license server.  You can create the ``plist`` file in the ``/Users/username/Library/LaunchAgents/`` folder.

To add a plist file in Mac, first go to ``/Users/username/Library/LauchAgents/``  This is where you'll create the .plist file.  By default, Mac hides the Library folder in your Home so right click on the finder window and select "Show View Options" to make the Library visible. 

.. image:: ./licensing/mac_step_1.png
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center

Next, enter the LaunchAgents folder.  This directory will contain .plists that will run on startup.  This will ensure that the ``ALTUS_LICENSE`` enviroment varaible will be loaded everytime.

.. image:: ./licensing/mac_step_2.png
   :scale: 60 %
   :align: center

Here is an example of the plist file.  This file will execute the rlm executable automatically starting the license server::

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
    <plist version="1.0">
    <dict>
      <key>Label</key>
      <string>com.ALTUS.rlm</string>
      <key>ProgramArguments</key>
      <array>
        <string>/Users/username/PATH/TO/RLM-Folder/rlm</string>
      </array>
      <key>RunAtLoad</key>
      <true/>
    </dict>
    </plist>


You can `download the plist example file here`__

__ http://shop.innobright.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/com.Altus_.rlm_-1.zip

Just unzip and copy the plist file to your LaunchAgents folder.  Make sure to change the path to the rlm executable ``/Users/username/PATH/TO/RLM-Folder/rlm`` to the actual path of the unzipped rlm executable. 


.. image:: ./licensing/rlm_daemon.jpg
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center


Once the license server has been setup, you can configure your workstations that will run Altus Denoiser (client computers) to access the license servers to request a license.

Next Steps
##########

Once the license server has been setup, now it's time to connect to it using your workstations (or the computer that will actually run Altus Denoiser).  Visit our help page for more info: :doc:`/licensing/floating-licenses-mac/`.
