src/inputs/buffers.rst, before:

Buffers
-------

Altus needs two input images for each scene, which we call call buffers b0 and b1.  Each of these buffers must be rendered with a different sample seed such that noise varies between images. Altus will use the difference in noise patterns to remove noise while preserving detail.  Two buffers are **required**.

Internally Altus will combine the 2 buffers, providing a denoised output that matches the quality level of both buffers added together.  For example; if you want to denoise a render at 64spp (samples per pixel), then you can render twice at 32spp and Altus will output the equivalent of a denoised 64spp render.

Here is an image that alternates between 2 rendered images with a different seed.  Notice the noise pattern differs between the two images.  

.. image:: ./input/buffer_seed.gif
   :scale: 100 %
   :align: center

Altus needs this variance in noise to work effectively. If you are getting noisy results from Altus then check that all AOVs have 2 buffers with different noise patterns.

If the inputs are given correctly to Altus, you should end up with this denoised result:

.. image:: ./input/ChaplinCamera.denoised.png
   :scale: 100 %
   :align: center


To generate two buffers visit: https://help.innobright.com/usage/basic-usage/

To generate two buffers at once by using side-by-side images: https://help.innobright.com/inputs/side-by-side/

For more information on how to generate two buffers with your favorite 3d package and render visit:  https://help.innobright.com/3rdparty/

Commit message:

Add to buffers. Move links into a Note card

src/inputs/buffers.rst, after:

Buffers
-------

Altus needs two input images for each scene, which we call call buffers b0 and b1.  Each of these buffers must be rendered with a different sample seed such that noise varies between images. Altus will use the difference in noise patterns to remove noise while preserving detail.  Two buffers are **required**.

Internally Altus will combine the 2 buffers, providing a denoised output that matches the quality level of both buffers added together.  For example; if you want to denoise a render at 64spp (samples per pixel), then you can render twice at 32spp and Altus will output the equivalent of a denoised 64spp render.

Here is an image that alternates between 2 rendered images with a different seed.  Notice the noise pattern differs between the two images.  

.. image:: ./input/buffer_seed.gif
   :scale: 100 %
   :align: center

Altus needs this variance in noise to work effectively. If you are getting noisy results from Altus then check that all AOVs have 2 buffers with different noise patterns.

If the inputs are given correctly to Altus, you should end up with this denoised result:

.. image:: ./input/ChaplinCamera.denoised.png
   :scale: 100 %
   :align: center


.. Note::
    For more information on generating/using two buffers correctly visit our pages:

    To generate two buffers visit: https://help.innobright.com/usage/basic-usage/

    To generate two buffers at once by using side-by-side images: https://help.innobright.com/inputs/side-by-side/

    For more information on how to generate two buffers with your favorite 3d package and render visit:  https://help.innobright.com/3rdparty/
