src/3rdparty/blender-institute-cycles.rst, before:

Denoise Blender Institute Cycles renders with Altus
===================================================

.. warning::

    This article is under construction and will be updated.


Overview
----------

.. include:: renderer-overview.rst

Exporting AOVs
-----------------

Recommended List of AOVs to use with Altus:

+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| **AOV type**   | **Altus Input Name**  | **Cycles Render Pass Name**   |
+================+=======================+===============================+
| World Position | pos                   | N/A (Custom Material Required)|
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Bump Normals   | nrm                   | Normal                        |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Visiblity      | vis                   | Shadow                        |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Albedo         | alb                   | Diffuse Color                 |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Reflection     | extra                 |Glossy Direct / Glossy Indirect|
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Caustics       | cau (Optional)        | N/A                           |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+

How to Output AOVs that are compatible with Altus from Blender
##############################################################

Add AOVs to save from Blender by enabling the respective Passes in the Scene tab:

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Render_Passes.png
   :scale: 60 %
   :align: center

This is where all the available Passes are listed.
For more information on render passes see `Render Passes in the Blender Manual`__.

__ https://docs.blender.org/manual/ja/dev/render/blender_render/settings/passes.html

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Selected_Render_Passes.png
   :scale: 80 %
   :align: center

.. Note::

    Some recommended AOVs are not default render passes, such as the position pass. In this case you will need to setup a custom material.

    For a guide on setting up the position AOV see `How to render a position pass in Blender Cycles`__.

__ http://vincentgires.com/blog/how-to-generate-position-pass-in-blender-cycles-or-internal/

Saving AOVs
###########

These added AOVs can be written to separate EXR images or to a multi-layer (multi-channel) EXR image.  One option to save all passes is to use the compositor to access and save the AOVs after the render is complete.

For more information on two ways to output render passes see `How can I render all render passes to files in Cycles?`__.

__ https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/28740/how-can-i-render-all-render-passes-to-files-in-cycles


Exporting Two Buffers
----------------------

Altus requires two renders (called buffers) of the same scene to denoise properly. Cycles offers a few methods to render and save two buffers for Altus.

Render Twice
############

You can render twice and change the sample seed between renders.  Cycles has a 'sample seed' setting that will change the random seed used and will give different resulting noise patterns.

First render and save the render passes of the first buffer.  After the first render is complete, the seed must be changed. To change the seed find the Sampling panel under Render tab.  Remember: the seed must be different than the seed used to render the first buffer.

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Render_Seed.png
   :scale: 60 %
   :align: center

Both renders must be saved to disk along with their AOVs for Altus to use when denoising.

Render Once with Stereo
#######################

.. warning::

    This is not creating stereoscopic imagery; it is a mechanism to create the two buffers Altus needs without having to render twice.

You can render once using a stereo camera rig and Altus will divide the image into two buffers. The camera's (eye) separation should be set to 0.0 so the left and right camera's have the same location and their renders will be identical except for the noise pattern.

Cycles supports rendering stereo.  For more information see `Stereo Camera in Blender's Manual`__.

__ https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/dev/game_engine/camera/stereo.html

Commit message:

Add more info to blender's tutorial

src/3rdparty/blender-institute-cycles.rst, after:

Denoise Blender Institute Cycles renders with Altus
===================================================

.. warning::

    This article is under construction and will be updated.


Overview
----------

.. include:: renderer-overview.rst

Exporting AOVs
-----------------

Recommended List of AOVs to use with Altus:

+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| **AOV type**   | **Altus Input Name**  | **Cycles Render Pass Name**   |
+================+=======================+===============================+
| World Position | pos                   | N/A (Custom Material Required)|
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Bump Normals   | nrm                   | Normal                        |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Visiblity      | vis                   | Shadow                        |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Albedo         | alb                   | Diffuse Color                 |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Reflection     | extra                 |Glossy Direct / Glossy Indirect|
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Caustics       | cau (Optional)        | N/A                           |
+----------------+-----------------------+-------------------------------+

How to Output AOVs that are compatible with Altus from Blender
##############################################################

First, ensure that Cycles Render is selected as the active renderer:

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Render_Cycles.png
   :scale: 60 %
   :align: center


In order to render AOVs with Cycles they must be enabled.  Blender refers to AOVs as Render Passes.  All the available Render Passes are listed under the Scene tab:

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Render_Passes.png
   :scale: 60 %
   :align: center

For more information on render passes see `Render Passes in the Blender Manual`__.


With the recommed AOVs selected the Scene tab should look like this.

__ https://docs.blender.org/manual/ja/dev/render/blender_render/settings/passes.html

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Selected_Render_Passes_Cropped.png
   :scale: 100 %
   :align: center

.. Note::

    Some recommended AOVs are not default render passes, such as the position pass. In this case you will need to setup a custom material.

    For a guide on setting up the position AOV see `How to render a position pass in Blender Cycles`__.

__ http://vincentgires.com/blog/how-to-generate-position-pass-in-blender-cycles-or-internal/

Saving AOVs
###########

These added Render Passes can be written to separate EXR images or to a single multi-layer (multi-channel) EXR image.  One option to save all passes is to use Blender's compositor to access and save the Render Passes after the render is complete.

For more information on two ways to output render passes see `How can I render all render passes to files in Cycles?`__.

__ https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/28740/how-can-i-render-all-render-passes-to-files-in-cycles


Exporting Two Buffers
----------------------

Altus requires two renders (called buffers) of the same scene to denoise properly. Cycles offers a few methods to render and save two buffers for Altus:

Render Twice
############

You can render twice and change the sample seed between renders.  Cycles has a 'sample seed' setting that will change the random seed used while rendering and will result in different noise patterns.

Begin by starting the first render.  Once the render is finished save the render passes for the first buffer.  Now the seed must be changed before starting the second render.  To change the seed find the Sampling panel under Render tab.  Remember: the seed must be different than the seed used to render the first buffer.  Once the seed is changed the second render can be started.

.. image:: ./blender/Blender_Render_Seed_Cropped.png
   :scale: 100 %
   :align: center

Both renders must be saved to disk along with their AOVs for Altus to use when denoising.

Render Once with Stereo
#######################

.. warning::

    This is not creating stereoscopic imagery; it is a mechanism to create the two buffers Altus needs without having to render twice.

You can render once using a stereo camera rig and Altus will divide the image into two buffers. The camera's (eye) separation should be set to 0.0 so the left and right camera's have the same location and their renders will be identical except for the noise pattern.

Cycles supports rendering stereo.  For more information see `Stereo Camera in Blender's Manual`__.

__ https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/dev/game_engine/camera/stereo.html
